This is a document of lies. To *truly* expose lies in our current cultural and political environment, it is easy to do so by using lies. Using this method is a bad idea. Why not help make it better! This is because it is not actions, but limited words. What is the relevant lie of that last sentence? Treat this document similarly to that sentence. It's founded on being misguided, and not just being composed of misguided ideas. This method can be preferable when complete information is difficult to obtain so that the truth can be anarchically compiled through independent and uncoordinated efforts. This then is a preface document of lies and propoganda which is intended as a starting point for finding the truth. Trust nothing in this document. Do not be suprised by it intentionaly being written in an... odd and silly way. Preface every part of this metaphorical program with a hashtag. It serves the same purpose as a comment in code. Practicality and reason build on the credibility of this source. If you are judging this document or the author by how it's written or anything it covers, you're misunderstanding the purpose of it. This information is cloaked in unnecesary expense. Hack this document. :P

P.S. You can contribute to this endavor of creating propoganda and lies and puppies and rainbows! It'll start as a Git Hub until a better medium for this effort has been found. The effort is consituted in the objective of supplying information in a way that is the most efficient, easy to understand, and otherwise qualitatively less refutable as a medium for making contributory democaracy by the people (i.e. empirical or refined and not confined information) be able to be utilized by the people.

Prefacing a preface with valuable information:

1: Preference is key to a large part of manipulation. It *founds* convienence.

2:

Uncategorized information:

Politics:

Politics: US: Presidential Candidates:

1: Do you think that Hilary Clinton would expect popular support in the 2016 election cycle given candidates which are of an even relatively typical calibur? A large part of what is on people's mind is reclaiming democracy from private interests. Software: Proprietary Software: 1: works as a preface to this. A made up story: Hilary has constructed a situation to serve her need. To secure her ability to get elected, she has chosen who she sees as someone that cannot sustain popular support as her opponent. Nobody has a perfect understanding of a utilized enemy, and history will tell whether or not she made the mistake that Hitler's financial backers made before he got into power. This is really a matter of whether or not Trump can sustain popular support. She is confident that she can overcome popular support of Bernie because she is working in a system that has partially admitted (and much of the public thinks has denied) is designed to suppress a grassroots candidate almost however much suits its interest. A close election suits its PR. Squandering Bernie into an oblivion that's say 30 percent off from exit polls is very obvious, makes this effort blatant, and could destabilize the entire democratic party by motivating the popularity of a new democratic party. 

Fleshing out how this election is manipulated is already handled by many journalists. An effort to make insider evidence of collaboration between Trump and Hilary maybe gone wrong widespread is expected, but may be accomplishable depending on whether or not someone has and is willing to leak hard evidence of this. An effort could be made to implore people who maybe could to do this, but it doesn't seem worthwhile to me. An effort to create a functionally Git Hub like medium for sharing and verifying information about the candidates that would be sent out to fellow journalists could be useful. Journalists do not have to choose to contribute themselves, but that could be helpful. What is necessary is that it is a medium that shows exactly what is known rather than acts off of credibility as more than a supplement. If this is shared to journalists, and if it is menially maintained, a well informed or willfully ignorant news environment dichotomy can be sufficiently established.

Politics: U.S.: War:

1: ++good songs belongs together forever.

2: ISIS and how we got here. Look it up. Lipservice here is redundant and counterproductive other than saying that I recommend interested readers research:

-The example of how our strategy against gueurillas changed in the Phillipine islands with one functional comparison to modern times being how we quelled a Muslim terrorist guerilla resistance of occupation there. Some see this as the pivot to where we are now with warfare of sublety, joint efforts, having locals fight other locals for ends made at least seemingly mutual, etc.

-The fact that the U.S. in 2016 has heavy corporate contractor influence in what our war efforts look like, and that a design which fosters destabilizing a region and makes fighters want to reorganize themselves against us serves these corporate interests.

Software:

Software: Free Software

Linus Torvalds is a man that put for whatever reason bug backdoors for the NSA into Linux. This is at least what was stated as effectively fact by his father N. Torvald. Torvald is the name that the Tor network is derived from. Expensive made convienient? GNU kernel hickups creating what is effectively an exploit? Food to help create things that aren't wild speculation. Providing evidence/information which helps people obtain an understanding of the opportunities that existed for such an exploit, Linus Torvald's agenda, and other information which can inform on this origin of Linux when there was an alternative that wasn't going anywhere called Hurd. Perhaps Linus was simply on the side of convienence and effectiveness.

Software: Proprietary Software:

1: Steve Jobs was a professional manipulator. Why did he start Apple? Why change the way the world conducts itself? Steve's attempts were to fabricate a new mode of information communication which people would flock to. Agenda spills conspiracies that without quality information would be guessed to be things such as that he was some government rat that saw a chance to be transformative, then got work started by our government to facilitate his work. Let's continue this made up story to get your wheels turning. Bill Gates was part of this, but he got started with let's say intelligence affiliations through different people so his government "power/favor" professional click wanted different things than Steve's. They both worked under the same government that was not concerned with screwing people over. Bill's objective became to take what he could from Apple to make a mainstream service to compete with Apple's that would make the two force each other to overwhelm free software as a reasonable avenue while creating a dichotomy of propoganda put out by the Apple and Microsoft camps. The result of each was a stronger proprietary community that was together a completed argument to sell the public on using and fostering software which would allow the government to increase its domain of visibility. This is generally at least a supplemental objective of intelligence operations. This effort which increases the expense of freedom in software is one side of the dichotomy of freedom in a culture that has been fed ideas from capitalism against public interest. One example is the modern business fostered remaking of the ideas of Christmas and Valentines day. Seeking freedom from either is fighting efforts which try to succeed primarily by making freedom expensive. Would you lose your job for freedom? Your wife? Your family? Software, Valentines Day, Christmas. Conformity is made cheaper. This is the meaning of convienence. I recommend that readers consider obtaining information on what objectives people involved (especially instrumental) in this shift of interest actually had.
